---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E1
date: 2020-09-14
labels:
  - WODS
  - UI basics
---

For my first BrowserHistoy, I only skim through the screencast solution and try to understand how WODs would work. After that, I would close the screencast a try my first attempt. In my first attempt, I did okay as I followed the instruction and do the best from my memories of building a HTML page. I believe I encounter my first problem when customizing the img size, I have already known about inputting the img with img src, but I did not know how to customize the width and height, at this time I hadn't passed the time limit and stopped. After the first attempt, I read through the instructions and find those steps that I find complicated and research and refer back to the notes to understand them deeper. my second attempt I have successfully pass the img tag, but unfortunately blank out when doing li and a href tags and ran out of time. I review the notes again and at this point, I have chosen to review the screencast and understand each line and successfully completed the WOD on my third attempt. For browserhistory2, I felt more comfortable with this WOD as it is short and I found minor issues. My first attempt was okay as I remember from the lecture and the notes about linking .css to .html the only part I got stuck on was the font family. I reviewed the notes and did a bit more research and finish the wod quickly on my second attempt. As I became a little bit more familiarized with .css my browserhistory 3 was a little bit complicated as I refer a lot from the screencast but I understand the process of div class and id and applying them to .css and customizing them. I would usually follow the screencast step by step and attempt to customize my own way to find a deeper understanding of the function. I completed this WOD on my second attempt. Overall, the WODs have really help me understand each function and piece together each backbone of tags to create one page, I remember more by doing these WODs.
