---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Performing WODs Technical Essay
date: 2020-09-30
labels:
  - WODS
  - Preparing
---

Recently, I have completed the invoiced WOD for more detail refer to this page (https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-preparing-for-WOD.html). When starting with invoice one, I realized it was different from the other WOD we accomplished. The other WODs had lessons we learned from class, but for invoice 1 we did not have anything to refer back to.

Since this WOD is different from the other WOD we accomplished, I have decided to take another approach and research more beforehand. I went over to w3school and review the table code and then I went back to the WOD to inspect the example table to research more. When I started my first run I did okay, since I research beforehand and had an idea of what the instruction want me to do. What works very well was that preparing a little bit before even if it just looking back code and can help save a bit more time instead of trying to find out the functionality. What didn't work well or slowed me down was when I get stuck or forget finishing up a code, I would tense up and stress more about the time and quickly search online or my notes to resolve the problem.

I prepared by reading the instructions beforehand and doing a practice run without the timer. During my practice run, I would mark the places I would get stuck and work on them and research them online or from lectures and make sure that I understand the function and try to repeat it in my mind with different examples, So It would be stuck in my mind and memorized. This preparation is similar to the WODs I did before there is always room for improvement as I do a slight modification to make sure I can be more successful in future WODs.

I believe that If I review past notes and lectures I could be more prepared with future WODs since I wouldn't need to look back at notes over and over again. I want to try not to focus much on the timer since I would get stress out and nervous.  
