---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Progress in Programming Report
date: 2020-11-10
labels:
  - Progress Report
---

1.My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
When starting this class, I had a limited amount of coding information. I had taken a class in high school that taught about HTML and CSS, but what I have learned so far is much more than what I learned in high school. Learning about the server got more interesting and intensive, I didn't there was so much more to the server, learning about the functionality and creating it was very fun and made my mind boggled a bit. So far with what I have learned it greatly helped me create assignment 1, even though I was lost and some point and would have to stop and learn a function when creating assignment 1, but it was still fun to do.

2.I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
I believe I need to work more on understanding more of the server. I was a bit lost during Lab 13, but I feel if I would do some research on the side it would greatly help me understand it more. 

3.I can do the WODs without looking at the screencast solutions first.
I still depend a little bit more on a screencast, I am the type of person that needs step by step tutorial and explanation of code to fully understand them before implementing them into the script. For most of the WODs, I have been doing okay, since most of the instructions are straight forward, but for a bit complicated instruction such as using If and Else statement I would refer back to the screencast.

4.The labs have helped me to learn and I can complete them with confidence.
 Yes, The labs have a great impact on my learning, I would also sometimes rewatch lecture videos and follow along to getting a better understanding, to help me answer the Labs questions. 

5.I feel ready I am ready to work on the next stage of complexity in programming (building small web applications like Assignment 1).
I am most likely ready to work on the next stage of programming, I just need to start early so I can tackle any problems and quickly learn and improve from them. This will help me in the future.

6.I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
My suggestion would probably be implementing videos that might help us understand more if we didn't get it in class. For example, in the video that you gave to us for the function module, The YouTuber helped me understand the basics. 

7.These are things that work well for my learning in this class:
Researching codes outside of class is really helpful and it gives me my own set of the pace of learning, instead of trying to get it down during class.
