---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 3 Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective Blog
date: 2020-12-19
labels:
  - Progress Report
---

1.         What was accomplished in the project as compared to what was planned?

 So far what was completed was creating a cart and using cookies and session for my webpage, It was also planned to tweak up the page to make it look more pleasing to the eye. There was some other problem that occurred in assignment two that was needed to be fixed and improved, such as improving and fixing up login and registration  

2.         Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
I believe that some bugs or problem might be some login issue and email being sent out correctly, I also felt that I wasn't able to improve on the UI as much as I wanted to and improve the website looks. 
 

3.         What was your biggest project risk and how was it managed?
The biggest project risk was being not starting cookies and sessions earlier, I had trouble implement them into my webpage and I had to ask my peers for assistance. The biggest risk I took was trying to complete the UI first before coding the cookies and session, I realise that it took to much of my time and it was unnecessary, I realize this a bit sooner and start to work on cookies and session with a reasonable amount of days before due date.
 

4.         What is your assessment of the overall quality of the system?
So far I am moderately satisfied with my project, I felt that If I start my project a bit more sooner I would have more done and have a more smooth and nice webpage. There are some bugs here and there, but as of right now I am okay with what I have, but wish I could have added more and cleaned up my webpage more.
 

5.         What is needed before this system can be placed into operation?
I believe that password protection and fixing up the login and cookie is was needed for my systems to be fully operational, such as more unique password where the user need One uppercase one lower case and special character and such.
 

6.         Describe what you are most proud of about this project:
I am most proud of creating a cart system where items can easily be removed or add and use cookies to enable this.
 

7.         Describe what you are least happy with this project:
For me was the UI and minor bugs, if I had started a bit more earlier I would have these problem be dealt with and I would say figuring out cookies and session was a challenging part and getting stuck and having to revert to an older version of the webpage was the most frustrating part.

